Add Troubleshooting Android section (#172)
breez/breez-sdk-docs: src/guide/android_troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting Android

> When including the Breez SDK and/or Notification Plugin into your application you might come across issues compiling because: 
> - it uses `kotlinx-serialization`
> - it relies on JNA library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing Breez SDK into your application you might come across issues compiling on Android platforms because Breez SDK's Notification Plugin: 
- uses `kotlinx-serialization` dependency,
- and relies on JNA library.
```

> If you do, there are several steps you can take to compile and build properly, even if they do not using the Notification Plugin feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do, there are several steps you can take to compile and build properly, even if they your application is not using the Notification Plugin feature.
```

## kotlinx-serialization

Starting with this 1.8.20 release, the Kotlin K2 compiler has a preview version of the serialization plugin. It's recommended for users to upgrade their Kotlin version to at least 1.8.20 or [set up the serialization plugin](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.serialization?tab=readme-ov-file#setup) on their projects explicitly with older versions.

> ## JNA library

Reviewer: JNA library code obfuscation issue may not be apparent until users create a _`"release"`_ mode of their app when with **maximum optimization and minimal footprint size** that'll be used when deploying their app and I think we should add a warning about this in this section.

```
kotlin {
    jvmToolchain(17)
}

java {
    toolchain {
        languageVersion.set(JavaLanguageVersion.of(17))
    }
}

android {
    compileOptions {
        sourceCompatibility JavaVersion.VERSION_17
        targetCompatibility JavaVersion.VERSION_17
    }

    kotlinOptions {
        jvmTarget = '17'
    }
}
```

## Java heap space

```
> Could not resolve all files for configuration
    > Failed to transform react-android-0.72.10-debug.aar (com.facebook.react:react-android:0.72.10) 
    to match attributes {artifactType=android-symbol-with-package-name, 
    com.android.build.api.attributes.BuildTypeAttr=debug, org.gradle.category=library, 
    org.gradle.dependency.bundling=external, or g.gradle.libraryelements=aar, org.gradle.status=release, 
    org.gradle.usage=java-api}. 
        > Java heap error
```

If you get a `Java heap space` error, try to increase the maximum memory allocation pool for the JVM in `gradle.properties`.

```

> org.gradle.jvmargs=-Xmx3072m -XX:MaxMetaspaceSize=512m

Reviewer: Should we increase the recommended value to 4G as a guideline? That's the value we've been using on C-Breez.
```suggestion
org.gradle.jvmargs=-Xmx4G -XX:MaxMetaspaceSize=512m
```

# Troubleshooting Android

After installing Breez SDK into your application you might come across issues compiling on Android platforms because Breez SDK's Notification Plugin: 
- uses `kotlinx-serialization` dependency,
- and it relies on JNA library.

If you do, there are several steps you can take to compile and build properly, even if your application is not using the Notification Plugin feature.

## kotlinx-serialization

Starting with this 1.8.20 release, the Kotlin K2 compiler has a preview version of the serialization plugin. It's recommended for users to upgrade their Kotlin version to at least 1.8.20 or [set up the serialization plugin](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.serialization?tab=readme-ov-file#setup) on their projects explicitly with older versions.

## JNA library

JNA relies on specific class and method names to load native libraries and access native code. If these names are obfuscated or removed, it can cause runtime errors and failures in native library loading. 

> The JNA library code obfuscation issue may not be apparent until compiled on "release" mode with maximum optimization and minimal footprint size that'll be used when deploying and publishing an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JNA library code obfuscation issue may not be apparent until your application is compiled on `release` mode with maximum optimization and minimal footprint size, that will be used when deploying and publishing an application.
```

## JNA library

JNA relies on specific class and method names to load native libraries and access native code. If these names are obfuscated or removed, it can cause runtime errors and failures in native library loading. 

> The JNA library code obfuscation issue may not be apparent until compiled on "release" mode with maximum optimization and minimal footprint size that'll be used when deploying and publishing an application.

Reviewer: What would be a more comprehensive word for `release` mode here? 
As the wording changes from platform to platform, e.g.; on React Native it's named `production` AFAIK

Reviewer: Nevermind, it's OK to use `release` here as it's the wording Android documentation uses.

Author: I think `release` should be pretty well understood and the same release config would need to be applied to Android also
